[Applause]
[Music]
this is the right
it's coming
somebody who wants a selfie tacular I've
got your whole life story tattooed on my
body
yeah in a long history of Monster
restless there has never been a champion
quite lights in Texas fans around the
world I asked is there a challenger out
there with the hunger to drop the
discipline to become the next champion
what that's enough for today
Steve might not look like much but there
is a champion monster inside of him
thank you
that felt great
we seriously need to work on strength
and endurance fortunately I know just
the thing yeah that's gonna be a hard no
for me
[Music]
oh boy this is my nightmare
a hardened few options here either you
me or you leave you decide
[Applause]
[Music]
hurt me and I can't forgive you this so
last night meant nothing I didn't know
what I was doing from kissing that guy
[Music]
[Applause]
Candyman the urban legend is if you say
is name five times by looking in the
mirror he appears in the reflection and
it kills you who would do that
Candyman Kevin
well we're still alive let's go chewie
not you broke the door I feel really
connected to this neighborhood
cabrini-green it was the project's that
just moved in around the corner they all
candy tracks I'm an artist you look up
the Candyman he's the monster that's
part of this neighborhood
why are you drawn to this I'm hoping to
spread the story all about Candyman the
mirror invites you to summon him you
should say his name I dare you
Candyman Candyman Candyman Candyman
don't say - candy me
[Music]
I think it made a mistake
I'll put it back Candyman
something's happening to me
[Music]
he had a purpose for you to be another
one is terrible stories
Bart the two
[Music]
where are we
Detroit I can't hear you Maggie Detroit
I grew up around music it's my whole
world got one more song for y'all
tonight if you told all your old me that
one day I'd be working for Grace Davis
she's an icon this woman doesn't even
know your last name she does sometimes
[Music]
girls still give me goosebumps
well brace have you thought any more
about the Vegas residency actually I
think it's time I record a new album I
mean that's one plan what am I supposed
to say to her I'm just a personal
assistant but I'd love to produce your
music do not sell yourself short you
study composing Maggie
have there been a new great status
record in a decade and the fans want one
number mention let me do my job and you
do your husband Cheers
get her coffee Kleenex Kotex and
whatever the hell we've been paying you
to do for the last six months I've been
here for three years you could pay so
you were an intern my life it's really
bleak out there for middle-aged singers
in the history of music only five women
over 40 have ever had a number one in
and only one of them was black
[Music]
you know everyone is happy with me doing
the same show every night grace you are
the song you should not be buried under
all this flashy garbage I didn't want to
tell you or Jack but I did a cut of your
song hey y'all know it's a damn
microphone in there right
[Music]
all we got to do is play it safe to
stack some money I will decide what I do
next
[Applause]
if the food coming sir we've been over
this we are not a drive-through well it
should be it could be oh my god is that
great Steve I know you knew the
Baltimore you got an order to ride the
right you don't know nothing dude
all right every Sunday in the summer
everybody would have ice show out that's
Vice far as you can see hold the bike
back or we stayed up like the hands of a
club at midnight she says that's
midnight quick they got the best fights
the best tricks the best riders it is
the best splits
so that's gonna be down with them you
know damn water clicking down 107
graders last year I was just mouth this
young finna be MSC Mouse I'm gonna be
with the clip and nobody gonna stop
the are on sale with the midnight click
huh what
clicking a respected see pulling up one
away this ain't a charity but should
rebuild it if you weren't hurt what
about my friends don't I'm not working
for free knows no shop daddy know how
you go about getting your own bike in
Baltimore City oh how you doing there
like that
y'all ready to get down to clicks how
did you figure so no it's alright
figured out who is that what I say you
won't get paid will you get all of this
working any Sun City Street ain't gonna
lose another one will you've been at the
day I will lock your ass up when you
down bad you really find out who in your
corner okay haven't been answering my
calls
don't you I don't need anybody but me
would it be more wise about who you make
your friend son your brother should have
been better don't give up on your dreams
max they don't get no easier all along -
you know what a second chance lights
with people like meeting you people like
us don't get no second chances Mouse
Robert Bruce you want the one thing you
cannot have be William Wallace beloved
as he was and that is why you will not
become king of
any man who breaks the head over almond
debruce shall receive fifty gold pieces
this reward habit for ourselves
freedom I'll show him the meaning oil
who is he it's Robert the Bruce I shall
leave here soon
you only pond your well healing me is
treason in these lands yet my king I
will defend you the best we can so trial
or I'll find him here you'd fight our
King to the day smoking mine
Scotland is clutched in the grip of a
mighty hand now we'll set a free is that
not worth fighting for
what if he raises an army
tell me that you lead us tell me we will
fight again
[Music]
he didn't want me died for something I
am the Robert de Bru's
is 10 we fight
[Music]
how long have you been doing this just
do for you what were you doing before I
did Hospital
what made you leave
it's what God wanted what's going on
Katie come on you can tell me back then
I was transformed
he's everywhere he's physically in me
may the Lord bless and keep you joy
I make music I came up with school but
then it worked out so now I'm just
rounding enough yeah
dad going to school in the fall
surely romance huh
[Music]
nothing you shine no you shine like new
come on be free
[Music]
[Laughter]
but if I speak versus coming from you
don't want me to stay
we want to give everything up everything
[Music]
friends we met young but they're my
friends
[Music]
you don't get it we think this how is
all the time
don't this is real
[Music]
- your gesture wondering where you are
marrying a decade who does that
screw ten years I'm going for 43 Larry
pull it
I'm proposing I love you but when you
get like this let's go and make sure you
get home I'm fine
[Music]
when Max met me he said dad
I met her I found the girl I told them I
thought you said all girls are crazy
he said well I'm gonna make this one
crazy about me
my husband is tired what happened to
Mack is not your fault I'll never get
over this please come back to me just
one more time
hi I think I'm supposed to help you all
the time in the world now just so you
know I will be getting these cream you
can stop can you spend the rest of your
life with the ghost of your husband I
can see him I can hear him I can laugh
with him happy you're acting crazy
give me one good reason to move on our
unit touch him kiss him selfish that I
don't want
I heard you're new in town I lost my
wife three years ago you've learned to
see the beauty and life again I am right
here
I don't know what to do as important as
2008 was 2010 is to be a more important
election 2010 is a census year and we
read district every state and
congressional seat following the census
you win state legislatures in 2010 you
get to draw the new maps that control
all the elections over the next decades
the winner is pre decided just by the
way that the districts are drawn
even under the scenario of the Democrats
winning the vote has the biggest margin
they've ever won in modern Wisconsin
history the Republicans were still there
59 seats minimum that's an astonishing
manipulation of democracy this problem
because they have one interest only this
is to stay in power
it's the biggest heist in modern
American political history I am Katie
Fahey and with an organization called
voters not politicians we started from a
Facebook post I saw that there was a
pent-up energy so I just thought I'd
yeah try
for service 10,000 then there was 20,000
and this thing just sparked we're
working with the anti gerrymandering
drive they're absolutely worried about
us they know that once this gets on the
ballot in almost always passes
[Music]
this is going to be the battlefield
moving forward if they lose its
no-holds-barred
there will be a vicious fight by the
people who are in power we are seeing
efforts to undermine the very core
values of American democracy this may be
the last time we have an opportunity to
do something about partisan gerrymander
the people of our country are sick of
this and if we don't come and say that
enough is enough and nothing's going to
change
[Music]
it was not she yes in Apple to Dodoma
I saw Sproul naseeb FC agree Emira
happiness miracles where you is Kabir is
passive
[Music]
Patong version an impasse CH in a
private poker Odense area of Nagi
Ravnica cootie
[Music]